docs: add `coder-logstream-kube` docs and update k8s example template (#8675)
coder/coder: docs/platforms/kubernetes/deployment-logs.md

# Kubernetes event logs

To stream Kubernetes events into your workspace startup logs, you can use Coder's [`coder-logstream-kube`](https://github.com/coder/coder-logstream-kube) tool. `coder-logstream-kube` provides useful information about the workspace pod or deployment, such as:

- Causes of pod provisioning failures, or why a pod is stuck in a pending state.
- Visibility into when pods are OOMKilled, or when they are evicted.

> - Filter by namespace, field selector, and label selector to reduce Kubernetes API load.

Reviewer: What do you mean by this?

Author: Copied this from the logstream-kube repo.

Reviewer: The third line is more of a feature than what kind of visibility it gives users. Let's remove it from here.

> ## Prerequisites

Author: ok

> `coder-logstream-kube` works best with the [`kubernetes_deployment`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) terraform resource, which requires the `coder` service account to have permission to create deployments. For example if you are using [helm](https://coder.com/docs/v2/latest/install/kubernetes#install-coder-with-helm) to install Coder, you should set `coder.serviceAccount.enableDeployments=true` in your `values.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`coder-logstream-kube` works best with the [`kubernetes_deployment`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) Terraform resource, which requires the `coder` service account to have permission to create deployments. For example, if you use [Helm](https://coder.com/docs/v2/latest/install/kubernetes#install-coder-with-helm) to install Coder, you should set `coder.serviceAccount.enableDeployments=true` in your `values.yaml`
```
